Grocery Store Antics!
Published on December 10, 2009.
I had a really weird dream in-between snoozes this morning.
I’m writing this post on my iPhone on my way to work (don’t worry, I commute by bus).
The first part of my dream was at some kind of museum.
It was a place where I had gone as a kid.
I saw a hallway with a bunch of mechanical educational arcade type games.
They were old.
I think one was of Dick and Jane.
I felt the kind of nostalgia that you get going to a place you used to frequent as a kid but rarely as an adult.
Think back to elementary school when they’d send you to the same place every year or semester.
Like the natural history museum for me.
The museum quickly got boring so my dream transitioned me to shopping at a grocery store.
I think it was Meijer.
Shopping got boring in the dream (which strangely never happens in real life) and I resorted to riding my shopping cart around with another dude who kinda seemed like my friend Matt Strand.
But I don’t think it was him.
Then some security guards came up to us with “energizer” brand binders (I could tell because they were drumming them like the energizer bunny, except vertically because the bunny has a bass drum and these guys were playing them like snares).
They were going to take us to the manager’s office on the 9th floor or something.
I tried to make small talk with the guards.
Like “I bet a lot of people mess with the shopping carts and ride on them!”
I was trying to make it appear less lame that a 26 year old got caught goofing off.
Then my second snooze alarm woke me up.
It seems impossible that my long dream happened in the span of 10 minutes but I guess that’s how our brains work!